"Shall I return it? Or… should I keep it?"

Words that should never have come out of CEO Cha Doyun's mouth.

Sia looked up at him blankly. Backlit by the streetlamp, his face was shadowed, but his eyes shone fiercely like a predator eyeing its prey.

"C-CEO Cha, why are you… No, more importantly, that card is mine…"

Sia reached out, but Doyun pulled his arm back, dodging her easily.

"Ms. Lee."
"Yes?"
"[THE LOVERS]. The Lovers card. You have quite a romantic hobby."

There was a subtle amusement in his voice. Sia’s face flushed hot. Of all people, why did she have to get caught by this cold-blooded workaholic CEO?

"N-No! It’s just for fun… P-Please give it back! Quickly!"
"Fun. Your phone call earlier didn't sound like it was just for fun."

Doyun took a step closer, and Sia stepped back. But her back hit the bench. Trapped.

"You said you couldn't see your destined partner. But I see him very clearly."
"…Pardon?"

Is the CEO joking right now? Doyun didn't know the meaning of the word joke. Yet here he was, smiling at her. Very dangerously, and very sexily.

"Um, CEO Cha. Are you drunk?"
"I think you’re the one who’s drunk, Ms. Lee. …Do you believe in destiny?"

Sia hesitated for a moment before nodding.

"…I do. I believe there are inexplicable attractions, or a designated partner for everyone in this world."

Doyun nodded, then handed the card back to her. His large, warm hand brushed over hers, wrapping around it for a moment. It was a brief contact, but it sent an electric jolt through her.

"Then this must be destiny, too."
"What?"
"Me passing by this street tonight. You dropping this card."

He gestured with his eyes to the card in her hand.

"Interpret it. What does that card mean if you apply it to our current situation?"

Her habit as a tarot reader kicked in. She murmured as if possessed.

"…Pure love and union. And… a crossroads of an important choice."
"A crossroads of choice. Accurate."

Doyun stared straight into Sia’s eyes.

"I just made an important choice, too. To stop calculating efficiency and just do what my heart tells me to do."
"What does that…"

Doyun suddenly leaned down, bringing his face level with hers. Close enough to share breath. Her heart pounded as if it might explode.

"The destined partner this card speaks of doesn't necessarily have to be far away, right? It implies it could be the person standing right in front of you."
"Y-You’re joking too much!"
"Does it sound like a joke? Even looking into my eyes?"

His black irises burned with sincerity. There wasn't a trace of playfulness.

Just then, raindrops began to fall. *Patter, patter.*

"It’s raining."

Doyun looked up at the sky, then back at Sia.

"No umbrella, right? Good. Let's call this a destined plot device."

He took off his coat and held it over their heads. Instantly, the world narrowed down to the space beneath the beige coat. A space for just the two of them.

"Let's go. I'll drive you home."
"No, I'm fine…"
"I won't take no for an answer. I can't have my employee catching a cold and lowering work efficiency."

Great excuse. Doyun’s solid shoulder brushed against hers. His body heat radiated through the damp air.

Sia felt her heart drop with a thud. Could it be… did the card she pulled really summon her destiny?

But she didn't know yet. That the man walking beside her had decided to switch to ‘Full Speed Ahead’ mode tonight.

Doyun glanced down at Sia and thought,

'Lee Sia, don't even think about running away. I'm going to be your destiny.'
