That day's 'Work From Home' ended in a strange incompleteness.

"I am working. The work of shaking your heart."

After saying that, Doyun really did just work. When Sia turned bright red and didn't know what to do, he smirked and then calmly stared at the monitor.

It was like putting someone on a roller coaster while he sat there calmly buckling his seatbelt. It was annoying, but his profile was so damn handsome she couldn't even get angry.

Monday. The Cha Doyun at the office had returned to being a cold machine.

"Ms. Lee, present your proposal from the weekend."

Sitting at the head of the conference table, Doyun didn't even glance at her. The man who brewed coffee for her on the weekend was gone; the Grim Reaper sat in his place.

She finished her presentation with a mix of disappointment and relief.

"Not bad. Just refine the Target B analysis and resubmit."
"Yes, sir."

After the meeting, in the pantry. Sia sighed as she made instant coffee.

"Haa… Does he have dual personalities or something?"
"Who? The CEO?"

Mina approached and chimed in. "I heard that man worked all weekend. A true workaholic. I bet he doesn't date either."

Doesn't date… is that really true? Sia thought as she poured hot water.

Then what were all those actions toward me? Just teasing? Or was he really trying to believe in destiny?

It was in that moment of distraction.

"Ouch!"

Hot water splashed onto her finger. Just as she was about to drop the cup, someone snatched it from behind and grabbed her wrist.

"You should have been careful."

It was Doyun. His brow was furrowed. When did he come in?

He dragged Sia to the sink and turned on the cold water. Under the cold stream, his warm fingers rubbed the burned spot.

"C-CEO Cha… I'm fine."
"You don't look fine. It's red. Stay still."

His voice was firm. The sounds of employees outside the pantry made her heart race, but he didn't care as he wiped the water with his handkerchief.

The expression of a focused man was dangerously attractive.

"Done."
"Thank you…"

She tried to pull her hand back, but Doyun didn't let go. The small space hummed with the sound of the refrigerator.

He opened Sia’s palm and looked at it.

"Can you read palm lines?"
"What? Ah, a little…"
"How is my palm?"

He abruptly held out his left hand. A large, solid palm.

"…Life line is long, and you’re drowning in work luck. Typical self-made type."
"What about love luck."
"Pardon?"
"I asked how my love luck is."

Doyun took a step closer. Sia was blocked by the sink, nowhere to retreat. With trembling fingers, she traced his palm.

"Uh… the heart line is a bit complicated…"
"Complicated?"
"Yes. You look cold on the outside, but inside…"

When Sia looked up, Doyun was staring down at her intently.

"Does it say inside, I'm boiling with desire?"
"C-CEO Cha…"

His gaze stuck to her, thick and heavy. The tension from the weekend had deepened.

He pulled Sia’s wrist and wrapped it around his waist. In an instant, their bodies were pressed together.

"CEO Cha, this is the office…"
"I know. That makes it even crazier."

Doyun’s lips brushed against Sia’s ear.

"If there were no eyes watching, I would have kissed you right here."

Sia’s body froze. His breath tickled the nape of her neck.

He slowly pulled away, smirked, and loosened his tie slightly.

"Let's work, Ms. Lee."

He walked out without looking back.

Sia’s legs gave out, and she almost collapsed.

This man, seriously… is he a player?

No, more importantly… did he just say he would have kissed me?

Her heart felt like it was going to burst out of her chest.
