Sia stayed up all night.

She looked at Minwoo's threatening message on her phone screen again and again, repeating writing and deleting dozens of times.

'Should I tell Doyun?'

Reason shouted to tell him, but emotion held her back. Doyun was a person who reacted like fire regardless of consequences when it came to matters related to Sia.

If he knew this fact, he might go find Minwoo and throw a punch first.

Then what if Minwoo holds a grudge and spreads the photo in that gap?

'CEO Cha Doyun of Korea's leading branding agency, internal sex scandal?'

Provocative article titles circled in her head. The honor Doyun built, the company's image, and our relationship that just started. Everything could collapse because of me.

'No. I have to solve it. Find out what Sunbae wants, and just delete the photo…'

Then, a message came from Minwoo again.

[Don't leave me on read. I don't really like having my patience tested.]
[Today lunch, S Cafe in front of the company. If you don't come, I press the send button. Come by 12:10.]

Sia sent a reply with trembling hands.

[I'll go. Instead, make sure to come alone. And delete the photo.]
[Come and talk.]

On the way to work, Doyun’s car was warm as usual, but Sia felt chills all over her body.

"Are you sick? Your complexion is terrible. You're sweating too."

Waiting at a signal, Doyun, examining Sia, put his hand on her forehead with a worried expression.

"Ah, no. I think I have indigestion from dinner yesterday."
"Shall we go to the hospital? No. taking a half-day off and rest today. I'll take you home."

Doyun looked ready to turn the car around immediately. Sia hurriedly grabbed his arm.

"No! I have an important meeting today so absolutely not. I'm really fine."
"…Are you really okay?"
"Yes. Don't worry."

Sia looked out the window avoiding Doyun’s eyes. Her heart felt like it would burst from the fear of being caught lying. Guilt stabbed her chest.

Sorry, Doyun-ssi. To protect you, I have no choice. I'll handle it alone.

Lunch time 12:05.

Sia slipped out of the company like a thief and headed to the meeting place.

Corner seat of the cafe, Minwoo was drinking coffee leisurely.

"You're here? Hard to see your face, our busy junior."
"Photo… delete it."

Sia clutched her bag and brought up the main topic even before sitting down.

"Your personality got fast. You used to be gentle and quiet. Sit first. Let's talk about old times."
"I don't have time for that crap. What do you want? Do you need money?"

Minwoo smirked and put his phone on the table. That photo was on the screen.

"Money? Do I look like a beggar? I'm a businessman too."
"Then what."
"Well. First, break up with Cha Doyun."
"…What?"
"I can't stand seeing you playing around with Cha Doyun. It's annoying. You were mine."
"Don't talk crazy. We were nothing. You unilaterally bullied me and used my feelings! You made me do your assignments, and giggled with other women behind my back!"

Sia burst out the anger she had held back. In the past, college days, Minwoo thoroughly exploited Sia’s pure unrequited love. The trauma from that time revived and suffocated her.

"Let's get facts straight. You liked me too. You came when I called, went when I told you to go. Didn't you?"

Minwoo suddenly reached out and snatched Sia’s wrist strongly.

"Let go of this!"

She tried to scream but her voice didn't come out. Fear choked her neck.

"Sia-ya. Listen carefully. Cha Doyun, he's just a shell. He's not dating you because he really likes you. He's just playing with you like a toy. Did you think a kid like you would fit with a guy like a second-generation chaebol?"
"Don't speak recklessly. Doyun-ssi is different from trash like you. He's sincere."
"Sincere? Ha, not even funny. Men are all the same. He's meeting you briefly because you acting innocent is fun. It's obvious you'll be thrown away when he gets bored, I'm trying to save you. Don't you know Oppa's heart?"

Minwoo’s fishy smile shimmered before Sia’s eyes. Gaslighting. It was that familiar method.

Meanwhile, Doyun was worried about Sia not coming in even during lunch time, so he came down to the lobby.

She didn't answer calls, nor checked messages. Her saying she was sick this morning kept bothering him.

'Did she take medicine. I should buy her some porridge.'

An ominous premonition brushed past.

Then, he heard female employees whispering as they left the company front gate.

"Huh? Isn't that Assistant Manager Lee Sia over there? She was at the cafe with some man?"
"Oh my, is it a boyfriend? The atmosphere was weird. Are they fighting?"

Doyun’s head turned reflexively. S Cafe across the street with glass walls.

Sia was there. Corner seat by the window.

And, a man sitting across from her holding Sia’s wrist.

It was Kang Minwoo.

Doyun’s eyes sank coldly in an instant. Anger rushed up from his toes.

'She clearly said she'd rest because of indigestion. She said she couldn't because of a meeting. Why is she with that guy…'

The moment he took a step, he saw Minwoo stand up and wrap his arm around Sia’s shoulder. At a glance, it looked like a sweet couple, or as if comforting her.

Sia stayed still without resisting. No, it looked like that in Doyun’s eyes. (Actually, her body had frozen in fear.)

It was a perfect picture for misunderstanding to sprout.

Doyun stopped. Veins popped on his clenched fist as if they would burst.

I warned her clearly yesterday. Don't meet him privately. Avoid him at all costs. I said I'd handle it.

But she lied to me and met him secretly? And she allows that kind of skinship?

Trust shaking was instantaneous. Jealousy and betrayal paralyzed his reason.

'Lee Sia, why…'

Doyun turned around coldly. He didn't want to see anymore.

Behind his back, Sia’s desperate and terrified expression was not seen.

The figures of the two reflected in the glass only looked like lovers having a lovers' quarrel.

Like that, a sharp crack began to appear in their seemingly solid mirror.
