Silent office at dawn. In Doyun’s room, the two stayed holding each other for a long time.

The frozen air disappeared, and only each other's warmth lingered warmly.

"Don't hide it anymore. Whatever happens, even if it's murder, tell me first."

Doyun said, carefully wiping Sia’s wet eyes with his thumb.

"Yes, I will. I'm sorry. I thought I could solve it alone."
"No apologies. And I'll take care of the Kang Minwoo matter. You just hide behind me. I'm going to end it for real this time."

Doyun’s eyes shone fiercely. It contained a grim resolution to show how harsh the price for touching his beloved woman was.
Next morning, on the way to work.

Doyun held Sia’s hand from the parking lot and got on the elevator. He didn't seem to care that employees might see.

"CEO, what if the employees see…"
"Let them see. They'll find out anyway. No reason to hide."

Doyun was confident. The warmth from his large hand comforted Sia’s anxious heart. But while happy, a corner of Sia’s heart was chilly. Because she knew better than anyone that Minwoo was not a human who would back down like this.

10 AM. Doyun officially notified the termination of the contract with 'Art & Design'.

Penalty fees didn't matter. He assembled a legal team from a top law firm and finished preparations to bury Minwoo in the industry by digging up every bit of his embezzlement, breach of trust, and even the harsh acts of his college days.

It was a declaration of war.

But a cornered rat bites the cat. No, it committed even more terrible and dirty acts.

Just before lunch, cell phone vibration sounds began to ring loudly all over the peaceful office. *Buzz- buzz-* It sounded like the flapping of ominous bees.

[Breaking News] Famous Branding Agency M Company CEO Cha Doyun, Inappropriate Relationship with Female Employee?
[Exclusive] Suspicion of 'Power Abuse Dating'… New Employee S, Sponsor Contract in Exchange for Super-Fast Promotion?
[Shocking] Ms. S, Two-Timing with Competitor CEO K too? Colorful Male History Controversy.

Instantly, the office was covered in murmurs. Employees looked at their phones and whispered with pale faces.

"What is this? Crazy…"
"Is it about Assistant Manager Lee? Was she really a sponsor hire? No wonder there were rumors about connections."
"Says she's two-timing. Wow, she looked kind but she's scary. Did she weigh her options between CEO Cha and CEO Kang Minwoo?"

Thorn-like words stuck mercilessly in Sia’s ears.

Links of unknown origin flew in via messenger. Clicking them revealed posts and photos uploaded to anonymous bulletin boards.

Photos kissing at Bukak Skyway, photos of being terrified meeting Minwoo at a cafe (cleverly edited to look like she was caught enjoying a secret meeting), and provocative contents condemning Sia as a 'rare gold digger'.

The author claimed to be an 'insider knowing the internal situation well' and wrote fiction that Sia seduced Doyun to steal company secrets and tried to sell information to Minwoo by approaching him. The comment section was plastered with unspeakable curses and sexual harassment.

"Ah… what do I do…"

Sia covered her mouth. Her fingertips turned white. Dizziness made her vision spin.

It was Minwoo. Faced with his own ruin, he dragged Sia and Doyun into the fire pit together. 'If I can't have you, no one can. I'll destroy everything.' She felt like she could hear his mad voice.

All gazes stuck to Sia. Contempt, mockery, curiosity, betrayal. People who were colleagues until yesterday became enemies in an instant and were hacking Sia to pieces.

Then, the CEO's office door slammed open and Doyun ran out. His face was flushed red with anger.

"Everyone put down your phones! Aren't you working! Who is chattering looking at this trash!"

At Doyun’s roar like a lion, the office became quiet instantly as if cold water was poured over it.

He walked over in long strides and blocked Sia’s front. As if trying to block the employees' stinging gazes with his broad back.

"This article is 100% false. I will find the distributor and file a complaint tomorrow immediately. Don't be agitated, and anyone spreading rumors will be fired."

But the water was already spilled. 'Cha Doyun' ranked 1st, 'Lee Sia' 2nd, and 'Momentum' 3rd on real-time search terms on portal sites.

Company phones started ringing off the hook. Shareholders' protest calls, clients' contract termination inquiries, and the security team's urgent contact that reporters were flocking to the lobby.

"CEO, the first-floor lobby is paralyzed with reporters. It's dangerous to go out now. We will block the main entrance."

Doyun gripped trembling Sia’s shoulders.

"It's okay. I'll solve it. You stay in my room. Don't take a single step out. Don't look at the internet either."
"Doyun-ssi… because of me… the company… your image…"
"It's not your fault. It's that trash's doing. Trust me, right? I can block it all."

Doyun tried to smile to reassure Sia, but his shirt was already soaked in cold sweat.

Watching his back as he put on his jacket and went out with the PR team leader, Sia realized intuitively.

If it goes on like this, Doyun will take all the blame.

'Young CEO's Inappropriate Power Trip', 'Owner Risk crashing Company Image'.

The company he built dedicating his whole life, his honor, was collapsing because of me alone.

Sia’s eyes shook with tears, then hardened coldly with a sorrowful resolution.

'No. I can't watch you be destroyed because of me, even if I die. It's better if I disappear.'

She picked up the burner phone (emergency contact) Doyun left on the desk. And pressed the number with trembling hands. The devil's number she absolutely never wanted to be involved with again.

"…Hello? It's CEO Kang Minwoo, right."

A fishy laughter came over the receiver. A relaxed and terrible laughter, as if he expected it.

"Oh, who is this. Our Sia, you must have finally missed my voice?"
"What do you want."
"You know. You. You coming to my side. Abandoning Cha Doyun."
"…I'll go."

Sia’s voice didn't tremble anymore. It wasn't resignation, but a firm sacrifice.

The most extreme choice of a woman standing at the edge of a cliff, it was throwing herself to save the person she loved.
