"Nyang~ Nyaong~ Kyuu?"

Gureum has been discharged.
My once peaceful studio apartment has now become a chaotic mess bustling with two cats and one maid... no, butler.
In a few days, Gureum shed his grime and became a fluffy white cotton ball, true to his name.
His actions were so adorable too; whenever he hung onto my leg and purred, my heart couldn't handle it.

"Aigoo, our Gureum~ Is the food yummy? Ogu-ogu, eating so well~"

I patted Gureum's plump butt while making baby talk.
That was when. The back of my head pricked.

"......"

Myoreusin was loafing on the dining table, looking down expressionlessly.
It was the look of a 'first wife watching the cheating husband acting ridiculous'.
It was chilly.

"A-Ah, no! Myoreusin! You are pretty too. My Myoreusin is the best in the universe! Of course!"

I hurriedly ran over to scratch Myoreusin's chin.
But the guy jerked his head away. He practiced the silent treatment. He was holding a serious grudge.

"Nya~a~ong."

Myoreusin cried long.
Usually, he would have bombarded me with nagging via the app, but today he didn't touch the phone and only cried with his mouth.
He seemed to want to say something, but I couldn't understand at all.

"What's wrong? Want a Churu? Is the litter box dirty? Did Gureum steal your bed?"

"Nya! Nyaaa!"

It's frustrating me to death.
If only there was a translator at times like this.
Then I suddenly remembered an app a junior at work recommended.
'Meow-Meow Translator'.
It was an app that claimed the AI analyzes cat cries to tell you the emotion in text—a bit scammy but boasting a 4.5-star rating.
Thinking I had nothing to lose, I quickly downloaded the app.

"Here, Myoreusin. Say it again into this. Good boy."

I held the mic up to Myoreusin's mouth.
Myoreusin looked at me as if I was pathetic, then seemed to make up his mind and opened his mouth.

"Nyaa, Nyaong, Nyaaang!"

Analyzing...
A loading bar spun on the screen, and then the result popped up.

[Translation: Hey you stupid butler! Are your eyes just for decoration!]

"...Huh?"

It's accurate. Goosebump-inducingly accurate.
This isn't fake? It reflected Myoreusin's personality 200%.

"More! Say more! Tell me everything if you have complaints!"

I got excited and shoved the phone closer again.
Myoreusin yawned as if annoyed, then looked straight into my eyes and cried low.

"Nyaong. Nyaa. Euuung."

[Translation: Beware of that guy. Don't trust him.]

"That guy? Who? Are you talking about Si-woo Ssaem?"

"Nya."

[Translation: Yes.]

"Why? Si-woo Ssaem is such a good person. He didn't even charge for Gureum's hospital bills, comes to check on him every day, and treats me so well too."

Lately, Dr. Si-woo was practically punching a time card at my house.
He stopped by after work to check Gureum's condition and even took care of my dinner.
Yesterday he changed the dead sensor light in the entryway, and the day before he unclogged the toilet. (I will take the shame of that moment to my grave.)
Perfect looks, kind personality, and even dedicated. Isn't he #1 husband material?

"Nyaaaang!!!"

Myoreusin shouted loudly as if frustrated.

[Translation: Don't be fooled by the shell! That guy's eyes use Snake Eyes! Snake!]

"Snake eyes?! How can you say that looking at those deer-like eyes!"

I was dumbfounded.
Myoreusin's jealousy has crossed the line.
He must hate Si-woo for doting on Gureum, and hate me for taking Si-woo's side.

"You're jealous, right? Because Si-woo cares only about Gureum and me?"

"Hiss!"

Myoreusin doesn't deny it. It was jealousy after all.
Cute guy.

*Ding-dong-*

Speak of the tiger, no, Si-woo, and he arrives.
A cheerful bell sound rang from the entrance.

"He's here!"

I fixed my messy bangs in the mirror and applied a bit of tint.
When I opened the door, it was indeed Si-woo.
Smiling brightly with grocery bags in both hands.
His forearms, revealed by the rolled-up sleeves of his white shirt, looked particularly sexy today.

"Haru-ssi, I'm late, right? There was a time sale at the mart so I bought some meat. I grabbed special treats for Gureum and Myoreusin too."

"Oh my, I'm so sorry every time... It must be heavy, come in quickly!"

As Si-woo entered, Gureum scurried out and rubbed against his legs.
But Myoreusin stood on the dining table like a stone statue, unmoving.

"Hello, Myoreusin. You look elegant today too."

Si-woo greeted him warmly, but Myoreusin held his head high and stiff, ignoring him.
What to do with this atmosphere. The embarrassment is entirely mine.

"Haha... He must be going through puberty. I used a translator and he was cursing."

"Cursing? Haha, Myoreusin wouldn't do that. He's a classy gentleman."

Si-woo laughed and headed to the kitchen.
His back view as he skillfully put on an apron and started cooking was truly the image of a 'Wannabe Husband'.
I glanced at Myoreusin and then sneakily went to the kitchen to help trim vegetables.
My eyes stung while chopping onions.

"Ugh, my eyes hurt."

"Give it here. I'll do it. It'll be a disaster if you cut your finger, Haru-ssi."

He naturally took the knife from my hand.
Our hands brushed in the process. *Zing.*
The feel of a warm and firm hand.
The skinship feels natural today. Like the temperature of our 'fling' is rising.

That was when. Myoreusin's low growl was heard from the living room.

"Wooo... Grrr..."

A low, threatening growling sound different from usual.
Startled, I turned around to see Myoreusin rummaging through Si-woo's bag left on the sofa.
He dug through the bag with his front paws and pulled something out.
It was a small, worn leather notebook.

"Uh? Isn't that yours, Ssaem?"

At my words, Si-woo turned around.
In that instant.
The good-natured smile vanished completely from his face.
His brown eyes, always so warm, had cooled down like dry ice.
As if he had taken off a mask.

"......"

He put down the knife he was using and walked slowly to the living room.
Calm and stealthy steps that made no sound.
But the aura radiating from him was eerily chilling.
Myoreusin didn't back down, puffing his fur and hissing.

Taut tension.
I held my breath.
It wasn't the usual 'Sweet Dr. Si-woo'.
That expression right now... was really like a 'Snake', just as Myoreusin said.

"Myoreusin."

He called out low.
His voice was laced with frost.

"Touching other people's belongings... is a very bad habit."

He snatched the notebook from Myoreusin.
It was a very fast and rough movement.
Myoreusin extended his claws to resist, but he didn't blink an eye.

I stood blankly in the kitchen watching the scene.
What... did I just see?
Snake eyes.
Cold expression.
Was Myoreusin's translation... all correct?

Then Si-woo put the notebook in his pocket and turned his head towards me.
As if nothing happened, he was smiling brightly again.
Even his eyes curving gently.

"Haru-ssi? What's wrong? You look pale."

"Huh? Ah, no... Your expression just now..."

"My expression? Ah, it's an important memo. I guess I was a bit shocked thinking I lost it. Sorry for startling you."

He returned to the kitchen as if nothing had happened and grabbed the knife.
The cheerful sound of chopping echoed on the cutting board. *Chop, chop, chop.*
But my heart beat uneasily. *Thump, thump, thump.*

*Buzz-*

The phone in my pocket vibrated.
I peeked and saw Myoreusin's fortune displayed.

[Today's Fortune: The masquerade has begun.]
[Interpretation: You chose the wrong partner. Run away.]

A chill ran down my spine.
That man humming in the kitchen.
What on earth is his true identity?

- End of Episode 10 -
