"What... is that?"

I doubted my eyes.
The 1st-floor flowerbed under the pouring rain.
A man wearing a black raincoat and a hat pulled low was holding Myoreusin.
Myoreusin was limp and motionless.
Like a corpse...

"No... No!"

A scream tore out of my throat.
At that moment, Si-woo, who was beside me, dashed out like the wind.

"Haru-ssi! Stay here! Don't come down!"

"I'm coming too!"

I didn't hear his shout.
I kicked open the front door, not knowing if I was barefoot or wearing slippers.
The elevator was on the 15th floor. I couldn't wait.
I ran down the emergency stairs like a crazy person.
My heart felt like it would burst, and my legs wobbled so much I almost fell several times.

"Please, please be safe. Please!"

3rd floor, 2nd floor, 1st floor.
I opened the common entrance door and jumped into the rain.
Cold rainwater soaked my entire body.

"Myoreusin!!"

I ran to the flowerbed.
But no one was there.
Only crushed plants and deep muddy footprints remained where the man had stood.
And a clump of Myoreusin's fur, wet and matted in the rain.

"Ah..."

I slumped onto the wet ground and grabbed the muddy water.
I lost him.
I lost my cat, my family, right in front of my eyes.

"Haru-ssi!"

Si-woo, who had run around the back of the flowerbed, came panting.
His wet shirt clung transparently to his skin.
His expression was a terrifyingly cold face I had never seen before.

"He's gone. I think they escaped by car."

"What do I do... My poor Myoreusin... He was all limp..."

As I sobbed, he grabbed my shoulders firmly.
The grip of his hand pulled me back to reality.

"Pull yourself together. This isn't the time to cry. We have to find him."

"How? We don't even know where they went..."

"CCTV. Let's go to the security office and check the CCTV first. If we get the license plate, we can find him."

His voice was calm to the point of being cold.
Like someone accustomed to this kind of situation.

We ran to the security office.
We woke up the dozing guard and begged him to play back the CCTV.
The screen showed the situation from 10 minutes ago.

It wasn't the flowerbed.
It was my balcony.
It was blurry because it was a blind spot, but the balcony window could be seen sliding open. *Slide.*
It wasn't opened from the outside.
It was opened from the inside.

"Uh? That..."

On the screen, Myoreusin walked out onto the balcony railing.
By himself. On his own feet.
And he deftly unlocked the latch with his front paw. *Click.*
Like a human.

"No way... Myoreusin opened the door?"

Leaving me in shock, the situation on the screen continued.
Myoreusin looked down from the railing and wagged his tail.
Then, the black man hiding in the shadow of the flowerbed revealed himself.
Myoreusin jumped from the 3rd floor without hesitation.
Into the man's arms.

Landing.
Then the man injected something into the nape of Myoreusin's neck. It looked like a syringe.
Myoreusin struggled briefly before going limp.
It wasn't a kidnapping.
It was a runaway. No, was it a rendezvous that turned into a kidnapping?

"That guy... what exactly is he?"

Si-woo muttered.
His gaze threatened to bore a hole through the man on the screen.
The man disappeared towards the parking lot holding Myoreusin.
Switched to another camera.
A black van. License plate covered in mud, unreadable.

"I can't see the license plate..."

As I despaired, Si-woo paused the screen.

"No. We can find it."

"What? You can't see it."

"Vehicle model is an old Starex. Scratches on the right bumper. And..."

He pointed to the corner of the screen.
Before the man got into the car, a small object he accidentally dropped was glittering.

"What is that?"

"Let's go."

We ran to the parking lot again.
The spot where the man had parked.
Something was shining in a puddle.
Si-woo took out a handkerchief and carefully picked it up.
It was a pendant with a bell.
But the shape was familiar.

[He who picks up this pendant shall receive Myoreusin's curse.]

The inscription on the back.
And the design was identical to the ID tag Myoreusin always wore.
No, it felt older and more worn... like the original?

"This... looks exactly like Myoreusin's?"

"I know him."

Si-woo said coldly.

"What?"

"They don't make pendants like this anymore. It's very old... a sort of mark."

"What does that mean? Do you know him? Who that man is?"

Instead of answering, Si-woo put the pendant in his pocket.
And turned to look at me.
His eyes, visible through his wet bangs, were gleaming.
The eyes of a beast chasing prey.
Is this the 'Snake Eyes' Myoreusin talked about?

"Haru-ssi. Are you good at driving?"

"Huh? No, I have a paper license..."
*(TN: 'Paper license' aka Jangrong license - having a license but keeping it in the drawer/wardrobe without driving.)*

"Then hold on tight. You might get motion sickness."

"Excuse me?"

He grabbed my hand and led me to his car.
White SUV.
He sat in the driver's seat and started the engine.
*Vroom-!*
The engine sound roared furiously.

"Get in. The scent hasn't faded yet."

"Scent? In this rain?"

"I can smell it. His scent."

He grinned.
I got goosebumps.
Is this man really a vet?

"Departing."

*Skrrt-!*
With the smell of burning tires, the car shot out through the rain.
I screamed and grabbed the handle.
On the way to find Myoreusin.
But why do I feel like I'm entering an even more dangerous place?

- End of Episode 13 -
