The sound of rain hitting the umbrella *pitter-patter* was the only thing filling the silence of the abandoned construction site.
Si-woo and the man in the black raincoat.
The current flowing between the two was sharp as a honed blade.

"Si-woo Kang. Still sticking your nose in everything. Your habit of coveting other people's property remains the same too."

The man in the black raincoat laughed sneeringly.
When he lowered his mask, his face was unexpectedly clean-cut.
Sharp eyes and pale skin. He looked like an intellectual researcher yet gave off a somewhat sickly impression.
But his eyes were persistent to a chilling degree.

"Property..."

Si-woo let out a dry laugh. The umbrella handle he gripped bent as if it would break.

"I can't return him to a bastard who calls his family property."

"Family? Ha! Playing family just because you fed him a few meals?"

The man shook the carrier containing Myoreusin.
Myoreusin screamed, "Nyaaang!"
My reason snapped at that sight.

"Hey you crazy lunatic!!"

I dashed out from behind Si-woo's back.

"What? Property? Is that something you say to a living being? Put him down right now! That's my cat!"

At my shouting, the man flinched and looked at me.
He looked me up and down, then narrowed his eyes as if intrigued.

"Are you that 'Haru Seo'?"

He knows my name?
I got goosebumps, but I couldn't back down. Mothers are strong. (Butlers are mothers too.)

"Yeah, I'm Haru Seo! Myoreusin's butler! Who are you to kidnap someone else's cat?"

"Kidnap? Let me correct you. It's retrieval."

"What?"

"Because I am his owner."

The words coming out of the man's mouth were shocking.
Owner? Former owner?

"Liar! Does an owner treat a cat like that? Injecting sedatives and locking him in a cage?"

"He needs management. You can't handle him. Because he isn't an ordinary cat."

The man pointed at Myoreusin.

"His name is 'Master'. Project M's only success."

Project M?
For a moment, the text I saw in Si-woo's notebook flashed by.
[Project M : Observation Log]
Was Si-woo... in cahoots with this man?
I looked up at Si-woo with anxious eyes.
Feeling my gaze, Si-woo spoke low.

"He is the former owner. But he's a bastard with no right."

"What?"

"This jerk used to abuse Myoreusin and lock him in a lab."

"Abuse...?"

My blood boiled.
He sent our Myoreusin to a guy like that?
Was Myoreusin walking out on his own in the CCTV earlier... because of unavoidable blackmail?

"Don't run your mouth, Si-woo Kang. I only tried to make him the best."

The man opened the carrier door.

"Here, let's let him choose. Master. Come here."

The man held out his hand.
As the wire door opened, Myoreusin staggered out.
He shook his body to shake off the water from his wet fur.

"Myoreusin..."

When I called his name, Myoreusin lifted his head.
Amber eyes turned to me.
And slowly, very slowly, looked back and forth between the man and me.

"Come, Master. I'll give you something delicious at home. The premium tuna you like."

The man beckoned as if coaxing him.
Myoreusin took a step towards the man.
My heart sank.
Don't tell me... he's going? Is the old owner better?

Myoreusin walked right up to the man's hand.
The moment a smile of triumph spread across the man's lips.

*Slap-!*

A crisp sound rang out.
Myoreusin had whipped the back of the man's hand with his thick tail.
It was truly a 'Tail Slap'.

"......?!"

While the man froze in confusion, Myoreusin snorted and ran straight to me without looking back.
And burrowed between my legs, rubbing his body.
With his body covered in rain and mud, he furiously rubbed against me.

"Nyaaang~"
[Butler, you're late! Why aren't you hugging me quickly!]

"Myoreusin!!"

I hugged him tight.
Heavy and warm warmth. Even the musty smell of rain felt fragrant.
Tears poured out.

"You... you ungrateful beast!"

The man turned red and tried to approach.
Just then, with a *swish*, the tip of Si-woo's umbrella aimed at the man's throat.

"If you come any closer, it won't end with an umbrella this time."

Si-woo's eyes were serious.
The man ground his teeth and stepped back. He seemed to judge he had no chance of winning in the current situation.

"Fine. I'll retreat for today. But don't misunderstand."

The man got into his car and rolled down the window.
And fired a chilly warning at us, or precisely at me.

"Legally, he is my property. Soon, you'll receive a certification of contents. You'd better hire a lawyer."
*(TN: 'Certification of contents' is a formal legal notice in Korea sent via post.)*

*Vroom-*
The Starex disappeared, kicking up spray.
We were left in the rain.
But it wasn't cold anymore.

"Are you okay?"

Si-woo held the umbrella over me.
I nodded, hugging Myoreusin tighter in my arms.

"Yes. Now... he's really my cat."

"That's right. Because Myoreusin chose his family."

Si-woo wrapped his arm around my shoulder.
Myoreusin snorted "Hmph" in my arms, but he didn't hiss this time.
Instead, he leaned his head slightly against Si-woo's hand.

[Fortune Flash: The ground has hardened after the rain.]
[Update: But stepping on sh*t remains. Prepare to go to court.]

The phone in my pocket vibrated.
Court, lawsuit.
My head hurts, but it didn't matter right now.
Because the three of us are together. I felt like we could overcome whatever sh*t we stepped in.

- End of Episode 15 -
