"So... Myoreusin is a genius?"

"Yes. Precisely, he's a 'super-intelligent cat'."

I widened my eyes reading the thick report Si-woo handed me.
After the storm of Mom's visit yesterday passed, it was a peaceful Monday evening.
Si-woo presented a copy of 'Project M' research records he brought from the hospital.

"This is what that crazy scientist was trying to do. Maximizing a cat's brain function to enable communication with humans. Through drug administration and brainwave training, they raised intelligence to the level of a 5-6 year old human child."

5-year-old child?
I looked at Myoreusin who was lying on the sofa scratching his belly.
That middle-aged man-like posture is a 5-year-old? Not 50?

"That's why smartphone manipulation was possible. Mastering Hangul was a bonus. Myoreusin is... much smarter than we think."

It made sense.
There were some typos, but sending messages fitting the context and even using emoticons wasn't simply a coincidence.

"But... what about the fortunes? Predicting the future can't be explained by science."

Knowing beforehand that the water purifier would burst, or knowing the direction a noble person would appear.
This is not an issue of intelligence but a realm of precognition.

"That is also a mystery to me. There is no content about 'precognition' anywhere in the research records. However..."

Si-woo propped his chin and reasoned.

"A cat's hearing and smell are dozens of times superior to humans. And Myoreusin possesses super-intelligence. Maybe... he synthesizes information we can't detect like minute vibrations, smells, and sounds from pipes to 'predict'? Like a supercomputer analyzing meteorological data to forecast weather."

"Ah... like Sherlock Holmes?"

"Exactly. He heard the sound of micro-cracks in the water purifier pipe and said 'beware of water', and maybe he remembered my footstep sounds or car engine sound and said 'a noble person is coming'."

It sounded plausible.
No, it was goosebump-inducingly scientific.
Then Myoreusin wasn't a shaman cat but a 'detective cat'?

Myoreusin, who was listening to our conversation, yawned widely and tapped the phone with his front paw. *Tap tap.*

*Ding-*

[Today's Fortune: Humans have rich imaginations.]
[Truth: I just guessed.]

"......"

"......"

Si-woo and I were dumbfounded simultaneously.
Guessed? All that?
Then what about that amazing accuracy rate?

[Just kidding. ...No, half is serious.]
[If data analysis is 90%, the remaining 10% is a cat's hunch. Call it the blessing of the Cat God? Things like lottery numbers can't be calculated even by computers. My 'hunch' just zinged.]
[Anyway, I inputted your patterns into my database... Haru is clumsy, and Si-woo is meticulous. Put together, survival probability goes up to 99.9%.]

Myoreusin waved his tail gently.

[Do you know why I connected you two?]

A new message popped up.
We held our breath and looked at the screen.

[The butler, left alone, has the physiognomy to starve to death or get scammed somewhere. So I scouted a guy who is sturdy, rich, and gives good food. That is Si-woo Kang.]

[Candidate 1: Front door man. Gym rat. Eliminated because he only eats chicken breasts.]
[Candidate 2: Convenience store part-timer. Kind but looked like he had no money to buy Churu so eliminated.]
[Candidate 3: Courier driver. Eliminated because he's too busy to play with me.]

I couldn't close my mouth looking at the elimination reasons listing on the screen.
This guy, he was holding auditions for my groom material without me knowing?
Plus, why are all the criteria centered around him?

"Wow... Myoreusin... is this for me, or for you?"

I was touched but then instantly dumbfounded.
He picked Si-woo worrying about me, but the conclusion is he found his meal ticket and playmate.
But a physiognomy to starve to death. It's a fact so I can't even refute it.

"Um... Myoreusin. Then what about me? Why was I a pass?"

Si-woo asked seriously. Like an examinee waiting for interview results.
Myoreusin stared at Si-woo intently and typed again.

[You have clear eyes. You're a guy who knows how to value life. And you have a pushover temperament so it seemed you would feed my butler for life. Above all...]

[Your Churu taste is high-class. You only handle tuna content 80% or above.]

"Pfft!"

I burst out laughing. It was because of Churu after all?
Si-woo also laughed as if dejected.

"It's an honor. To meet Myoreusin's standards."

When Si-woo patted Myoreusin's head, Myoreusin didn't avoid it and closed his eyes gently.
How hard this small creature must have tried to connect us all this time.
Installing the app, ringing alarms, and pretending to be sick(?).
Thinking back, everything was Myoreusin's 'Big Picture'.

"Thanks, Myoreusin. Thanks to you... I'm really happy."

When I hugged Myoreusin, he pushed my cheek away as if annoyed.
But those jelly paws were soft and warm.

[If you know, good. Now my mission is over.]

"Huh? Mission over? Where are you going?"

Suddenly I got anxious.
Myoreusin got up from his spot and walked to the window.
Myoreusin's silhouette receiving moonlight looked somewhat mystical.
Like a divine beast trying to ascend to heaven.
Don't tell me... is he really becoming a Daoist Cat and leaving?

"Myoreusin, don't go! We agreed to live together forever!"

As I was about to run over crying, Myoreusin looked back.
And sent the last message.

*Ding-*

[Today's Fortune: Overtime.]
[Advice: Go earn Churu money. Mission is over but my cat life is long.]

"......Hey!!"

I sighed in relief and threw a pillow.
Myoreusin dodged deftly and occupied the top spot on my bed and lay down.
Right, that's Myoreusin.
Mysticism? Give it to the dogs.
A spine-breaking super-intelligent cat lives in our house.
*(TN: Spine-breaker is slang for something expensive that breaks parents' backs/spines.)*
And next to him, Si-woo Kang, my side, is smiling brightly at me.
With secrets unlocked, he was more lovely.

- End of Episode 26 -
