"Myoreusin, listen well. My life depends on this."

Si-woo knelt in front of Myoreusin with a solemn expression.
In his hands were a piece of premium tuna belly and a box containing a brilliantly shining diamond ring.
Myoreusin fixed his gaze only on the tuna belly and waved his tail gently.

"I'm going to cut steak with Haru-ssi this evening. When I send the signal, you just have to walk over elegantly with this ring box around your neck. Understood?"

"Nya."
[Hand over the tuna there. You talk too much.]

"Negotiation concluded! Myoreusin, I believe in you. Because I'm the one responsible for your high-class palate."

Si-woo offered the tuna and tied the ring box with a velvet ribbon around Myoreusin's neck.
It looked quite plausible. No, it was perfect.
I giggled peeking at this scene through the door crack.
Actually, I had noticed today was the proposal day.
Si-woo was fidgety from a few days ago, practicing lines alone on the balcony, and asking out of the blue "What flowers do you like, Haru-ssi?".
Even yesterday, he almost got caught hiding a jewelry brand shopping bag.
Pretending not to know would be manners, but how can I not smile when he acts so cute.

7 PM.
The living room of Si-woo's house (now our house, but using separate rooms) transformed into a fancy restaurant.
The space that was usually modern and simple changed romantically with soft lighting, scented candles, and fresh flower decorations placed everywhere.
Above all, the tenderloin steak he grilled himself, truffle pasta, and premium red wine. Just the smell was already Michelin three-star level.
It was a total atmosphere gangster.
*(TN: Gangster/Thug implies something is overwhelmingly good/powerful.)*

"Haru-ssi, you look prettier today. The clothes... suit you well."

"Thank you. You look even cooler today too, Si-woo-ssi. I thought you were wearing a tuxedo."

We clinked wine glasses. A clear *clink* sound rang in the living room.
Si-woo's hand trembled minutely while cutting the steak, perhaps due to nervousness.
He was already drinking his third glass of water.
Cute man. What's the use of being a genius vet, when in front of romance, no, a proposal, he's a total clumsy fool.
I became nervous too.
I guess knowing doesn't stop the trembling.
My heart beat off-beat. *Thump thump.*

Near the end of the meal, Si-woo cleared his throat with a solemn expression.

"Ahem! Um, Haru-ssi. Was the meal to your liking?"

"Yes, it was really the best. You could be a chef."

"That's a relief. Actually... there's one more thing I prepared..."

"Oh my, really? What is it? Dessert?"

I shot a look full of expectation, pretending to be surprised as much as possible. It was method acting.
Si-woo reached under the table and sent the promised signal.
*Knock, knock.*

Now, it's Myoreusin's turn to appear.
The world's most expensive and cute cat with a ring around his neck will approach, and Si-woo will untie it and put it on my ring finger.
And if he says "Will you marry me?", I will shed tears of emotion and nod.
Just imagining it made the corners of my mouth go up uncontrollably.
Come quickly, Myoreusin! If you come, it's a happy ending!

......

However, even after a minute, Myoreusin didn't appear.

"Huh? Myoreusin?"

Si-woo knocked on the table again, flustered. *Knock, knock.*
Only silence flowed.

"One moment. Where did this guy go?"

Si-woo got up and looked around the living room.
On the sofa, cat tower, scratcher...
Myoreusin's trace was nowhere.

"Myoreusin~? I'll give you tuna, come out~"

Si-woo's voice started to tremble a little.
I became anxious too.
It's fine if he's just hiding, but surely he didn't go out the open window?
Or maybe swallowed the ring?

"Si-woo-ssi, don't you see Myoreusin?"

"No... He was definitely in that corner earlier..."

We lifted the tablecloth, looked under the sofa, and searched behind the curtains.
The elegant dinner party turned into a search operation in an instant.

"Myoreusin!! Where did you go!!"

"Ring!! Myoreusin, hand over that 5 million won ring!!"

Si-woo shouted urgently.
5 million won?!
My eyes rolled back.
No, the ring isn't the problem. If Myoreusin swallowed that, it's big trouble.

"What do we do! Don't we have to take an X-ray?"

"First we have to find him! He must be in the house! Because the front door was closed!"

We searched the dress room, bathroom, veranda, and even inside the washing machine.
But not even a shadow of Myoreusin was seen.
As if he evaporated.

Just then, my phone rang.
The phone screen on the desk flashed.
There is only one existence who can touch the phone in this situation.

I checked the phone with trembling hands.
A message had arrived.

[Today's Fortune: Treasure hunt start, human.]
[Hint: The darkest and narrowest place.]

"......"

"Did you find him? Any clues?"

Si-woo ran over with a face covered in sweat.
I showed him the phone screen.
Si-woo slumped down with a dejected expression.

"This guy... is doing this on purpose. He is 100% enjoying this."

"Darkest and narrowest place? Where is that?"

We looked at each other.
Our eyes communicated.
The darkest and narrowest place in this house.
Don't tell me... under the bed? Or behind the fridge?

The romantic proposal is gone.
From now on, it's the start of the 'Fellowship of the Ring'.

- End of Episode 27 -
