"Darkest and narrowest place? Where is that?"

We sat on the living room floor and put our heads together.
The house had already become a mess.
Sofa cushions were all overturned, books from the bookshelf poured out, and clothes from the dress room were rolling on the floor.
The elegant dinner party turned into a disastrous battlefield.

"Maybe... boiler room?"

"We looked earlier. He wasn't there."

"Then behind the fridge?"

"Checked there too. Just sneezed a lot in the dust bunny pit."

"Don't tell me behind the balcony pots?"

"We removed all pots after the Albo Monstera broke."

We searched every hole in the house.
Under the sink cabinet, deep inside the shoe rack, even inside empty Kimchi fridge containers.
But not even a hair of Myoreusin was seen.
As if sucked into a black hole.

"Ah... really where did he go? Did he go to the 4th dimension?"

A spiderweb was dangling from Si-woo's hair.
The great Si-woo Kang looked terrible.
Where did the cool appearance talking about tuxedo fit go? Shirt buttons unbuttoned and covered in sweat.
Dust was smeared on his pant knees, and soot on his cheek.
I was no different. My prettily set hair became a bird's nest, and my dress hem was torn from getting caught somewhere.
I should laugh, but with a 5 million won ring held hostage, I couldn't.
If we can't find the ring like this, forget the proposal, our backs will break paying off the ring installment.

"Wait. Darkest and narrowest place... There is exactly one place we didn't check."

"Where?"

"Maybe... washing machine?"

At my careful suggestion, Si-woo's face turned pale.

"W-Washing machine? Don't tell me... Didn't you intend to run laundry earlier?"

"Yes, I left the door open. To ventilate."

"Damn it!!"

We ran to the utility room at the same time.
Probably faster than Usain Bolt.
OPENing the utility room door, we saw the drum washing machine with its black mouth open.
No, the door was closed.
It was semi-transparent black glass so inside wasn't clearly visible.
Please. Please Myoreusin. Not there, right?
Don't tell me he got trapper in there...

Si-woo grabbed the washing machine door handle with trembling hands.
His hands shook so much he couldn't even open it properly.
I held my breath. My heart felt like it would pop out of my mouth.

*Clunk.*

Si-woo opened the door with difficulty.

"......!!"

Myoreusin was there.
Coiled up inside the washing machine cylinder, lying very comfortably.
And between his front paws...
The glittering diamond ring was enshrined carefully.

"Hey!! Myoreusin!!"

"Found him!!"

We cheered and hugged each other.
Myoreusin pricked his ears as if we were noisy, then slowly opened his eyes.

"Nya."
[You came. A bit late.]

"Myoreusin, you really! I thought my heart dropped!"

When I pretended to throw a back smash, Myoreusin yawned.

"Ring... Is my ring safe?"

Si-woo reached out cautiously.
Myoreusin didn't hand over the ring obediently.
He pressed the ring firmly with his front paw and stared at Si-woo.

"Nya."
[Bring all remaining tuna. Then I give.]

"Okay, okay! I'll give it all to you! I'll give you Churu by the box!"

At Si-woo's scream, Myoreusin finally moved his paw.
Si-woo retrieved the ring with lightning speed.
A sigh of relief filled the utility room.

"Hah... That shaved ten years off my life."

We flopped down in front of the washing machine.
Strength left my legs as tension released.
Looking at each other's state was ridiculous.
Hair messed up, clothes full of dust, sweat-soaked.

"Haru-ssi."

"Yes?"

"Originally... under the lights, with background music, I intended to kneel and do it coolly."

Si-woo fingered the ring.

"But... I have to do it now. If I delay more, this guy might drop it in the toilet."

Laughter burst out at his joke.

"Now? Here? In front of the washing machine?"

"Yes. Thinking about it, this is like us. Clattering, noisy, but still being together in the end."

He held my hand. A much warmer and firmer hand than before.
In a messy state, he knelt with his back to the washing machine.
The ring box was a bit damp because Myoreusin drooled on it earlier, but the ring inside shone brighter than anything in the world.

"Haru Seo-ssi. My world changed after meeting you.
I used to be comfortable alone, but now I can't imagine a tomorrow without you.
It will continue to be noisy and chaotic like this, but I want to fall asleep with you every night and wake up together every morning."

He slid the ring onto my finger.
It fit perfectly.
When did he find out the size.

"Will you marry me?"

Tears welled up.
It wasn't a fancy restaurant, nor a flashy event.
But this moment with the smell of the washing machine and Myoreusin's yawn as background music was the best scene of my life.

"Yes... Yes! I will! I do!"

I hugged Si-woo's neck.
We hugged each other tight on the narrow utility room floor.
The smell of dust and Si-woo's body scent mixed, giving a strange sense of relief.

Then, Myoreusin walked out of the washing machine.
Looking at us like we were pathetic, he walked towards the kitchen.

*Ding-*

[Today's Fortune: Mission Clear.]
[Advice: Bring the promised tuna quickly. I'm getting dizzy.]

We couldn't hold back the laughter bursting out looking at each other.
Right, Mission Clear.
Our love, and Myoreusin's tuna too.

- End of Episode 28 -
