8th week of pregnancy, it finally came. The morning sickness hell heard only in rumors began.
The smell of Kimchi stew, which I usually couldn't eat enough of, felt repulsive,
and eventually, just smelling the steam coming from the rice cooker or the minute food smell leaking with the fridge opening sound made my stomach churn.
It felt like every smell in the world was attacking me.

"Ugh... Uuurgh..."

Coming out after wrestling with the toilet bowl, my legs trembled so much it was hard to even stand. My face was pale and cold sweat ran down my back.

"Haru-ssi! Are you okay?"

Si-woo, who was waiting in the living room, ran in a bound and supported me. His hands held various morning sickness relief candies, tea, sparkling water, etc.

"Drink a little of this. I got it recommended by a hospital colleague, they say it's effective for calming the stomach because it has lemon and ginger. The smell won't be repulsive either."

Si-woo's face was full of worry.
Even the cool-headed and rational Veterinarian Director Si-woo Cha was just a fidgety novice husband in front of his wife's morning sickness.
He patted my back and massaged my hands and feet every time I vomited,
and his eyes were hollow from searching 'foods good for morning sickness', 'acupressure points for morning sickness relief' on the internet all night.

"I'm sorry... I wish I could be sick instead. Sorry I can only do this much..."

Si-woo felt bad while brushing back my wet hair. I was thankful for his sincere heart, but I had no energy to answer due to the continuing nausea.
I leaned on him helplessly and headed to the bedroom, lying down as if collapsing. My stomach kept turning so falling asleep didn't seem easy either.

It was then. A heavy and warm weight was felt on the bed.

"Nyaa-"

It was our house's master, Myoreusin.
Usually at this time, he's a guy who would do 'Zoomies' (cats running around crazily at night) saying he's bored, or whine 'Meow meow' asking to shake the fishing rod toy, but today was different.
Very carefully, stepping lightly so the bed wouldn't shake, he approached my bedside.

"Myoreusin... Go away... Mom is having a hard time now..."

I waved my hand with difficulty, but Myoreusin didn't budge. Instead, right next to my head, on one corner of the pillow, he settled in a loaf position. And closed his eyes gently and started staying still.
Like a stone statue, so quietly that even breathing sounds couldn't be heard.

'Purr... Purr...'

A very minute vibration was transmitted to my head through the pillow.
It wasn't the loud and cheerful purr song he made when feeling good usually.
A regular and low alpha wave frequency purr song with a calming effect, like a mother's heartbeat.
Amazingly, listening to that sound, the churning stomach felt like settling down little by little, very softly.
It felt like the rough waves raging in the stomach were turning into a calm lake.

"Uh? Myoreusin is..."

Si-woo, who came in after getting a towel and water, paused in surprise seeing that scene.
I sent a signal with my eyes to be quiet. Because I didn't want to break this precious and peaceful moment. Si-woo also noticed and sat on the chair by the bedside killing his footsteps.

"It's really amazing. Myoreusin staying still for this long without moving...
I heard stories that cats guard sick companions, but seeing it in real life makes me emotional?"

Si-woo whispered in admiration.
I turned my head slightly and placed my hand on Myoreusin's soft back fur.
It was warm. That warmth and regular vibration seemed to comfort me saying "It's okay, it will all pass. I am by your side".
Tension released and my eyes closed deeply for the first time in days. It was a peaceful sleep without even dreams.

* * *

Waking up after sleeping for a long time, outside the window had become dark.
How many hours did I sleep? My body was much lighter and refreshed. My stomach became comfortable so I even thought I could eat something now.
Looking at the bedside, Myoreusin was still in that same posture. Did he keep his spot without going to the bathroom once or drinking water while I slept?

"You're up?"

Si-woo must have felt my presence, coming in softly opening the door. His hands held a tray with pine nut porridge smelling warm and savory.

"While Haru-ssi slept, Myoreusin didn't move an inch either. That guy, really is a spiritual creature. Thanks to him you slept well, right?"
"Yes, amazingly my stomach settled completely. Myoreusin is a healing hand."

I stroked the commendable Myoreusin gently.
Only then Myoreusin stretched the stretch he held back and yawned long "Nyaang~!".
Stretching his stiff body looked like complaining 'You up now? My legs fell asleep-nyang', making me laugh.

[Ding!]

Just then, the smartphone placed on the nightstand rang cheerfully. 'Today's Fortune Cat' app notification.

[Today's Fortune: If the person giving food is sick, only I lose.]
[Advice: Get well soon and open a tuna can.]

'Guardian Angel'.
I smiled looking at Myoreusin. My guardian angel with a tail shedding fur instead of white wings, and eyes powerfully demanding Churu instead of an angel ring.

"Thanks, Myoreusin. saved my life thanks to you. Really."

When I kissed Myoreusin's forehead *chu*, the guy turned his head away as if shy and jumped down from the bed.
And as if nothing happened, ran to the food bowl and started protesting "Weong! Weong!" asking for food.

"Haha, Guardian Angel-nim must be very hungry. I have to serve premium cans for dinner tonight."

Si-woo laughed and followed Myoreusin to the kitchen. The porridge smell wasn't repulsive anymore. Rather, it felt savory and appetite returned.
Felt like living now.
Thanks to Myoreusin's special 'Silent Prenatal Care', our tough morning sickness war seemed likely to pass a bit easier, and warmer.

- End of Side Story 02 -
