"Our Byeol-i~ Can you hear Dad's voice?"

Weekend afternoon, living room scenery was peaceful to the point honey overflowed.
Si-woo stuck his ear to my belly and was doing prenatal talk for 30 minutes.

"Dad will read a fairy tale today. Once upon a time..."

He read down the fairy tale book with a honey dripping voice.
I leaned on the sofa and watched that appearance happily.
20th week of pregnancy. Belly came out quite convex, and fetal movement was felt.
Si-woo was overwhelmed by each of those small movements and didn't know what to do.

"Uh? Just kicked! Haru-ssi, did you feel it?"

"Yes, felt it. Byeol-i must like Dad's voice."

"Haha, really? Gotta read more. Here, next is Hansel and Gretel..."

It was then.

*Tap. Tap.*

Something touched Si-woo's back.
It was Myoreusin.
The guy was looking up at Si-woo from under the sofa hitting his tail. *Tap tap.*

"Nya."
[Hey.]

But Si-woo didn't see Myoreusin being too focused on the fairy tale book.

"And a witch appeared..."

*Tap! Tap!*

Myoreusin hit harder with front paw this time.
Still Si-woo was in a trance.

"Hansel discovering the cookie house..."

Myoreusin's expression became increasingly grim.
I started to get anxious.
Looked at the clock on the wall. 3:05 PM.
Oops.

"Si-woo-ssi, wait."

"Yes? Why? Belly uncomfortable?"

"No not that... what time is it now..."

"Little past 3? Why?"

Moment Si-woo lifted his head, finally made eye contact with Myoreusin.
Myoreusin's golden pupils were shining coldly like never before.
3 PM.
That was Myoreusin's sacred 'Snack Time'.

Past 1 year, Si-woo kept this time no matter what happened.
Unless in surgery, he was the one setting alarm and taking care of it.
But today, distracted by prenatal talk, he broke the 1 year perfect attendance record.

"......!!"

Si-woo's face turned pale.

"Myo, Myoreusin? Um, not that..."

"Nyaa-!!!!"
[Late, you things!!!!]

Myoreusin let out a roar piercing the ceiling, then ran into the master bedroom without looking back.

"Myoreusin! Wait! Giving right now! With very delicious salmon treat!"

Si-woo chased hurriedly holding snack container.
But master bedroom door was closed firmly.

"Hah... Big trouble."

I raised my heavy body.
That guy holds a grudge for really long time if sulky.
We listened in front of the master bedroom door.
Rustling sound was heard inside.

"What is he doing?"

"Well... Surely not peeing on the bed?"

A while later.
*Creak-* door opened.
And we witnessed an unbelievable sight.

Myoreusin came out biting something in mouth.
That was... made by tying my handkerchief to the end of fishing rod toy, unmistakably a 'Runaway Bundle'.
Saw something somewhere.

"B, Big brother? What is that again?"

Si-woo asked flustered.
Myoreusin scanned us once with melancholy eyes, then walked towards the entrance solemnly.

*Tap. Tap. Tap.*

Resolute will felt from footsteps.
Silent protest saying 'Family where love cooled down, no more lingering affection'.

"No! Myoreusin! Don't go!"

Si-woo ran out barefoot and blocked the front.
But Myoreusin dodged between Si-woo's legs zig zag and went straight.
How does such agility come out from that fat body.

"Hey! You stop there!"

Just then, 'Gureum-i' who was at the veranda window ran over quickly.
Gureum-i is the guy we rescued and sent to parents' house for adoption, came to visit with Mother-in-law because it's weekend.
Gureum-i who became an adult cat in no time had a bulk not losing to Myoreusin.

"Ang!"
[Uncle where going!]

Gureum-i blocked Myoreusin's path firmly.
Myoreusin paused.

"Nyaang."
[Move aside kid. I will leave.]

"Awoong! Awooong!"
[No! Go out means dog suffering! Who gives Churu!]

Gureum-i licked Myoreusin's neck desperately stopping him.
Commendable guy. Earning his keep.
Using that gap Si-woo knelt in front of Myoreusin.
Almost level of kneeling on straw mat for forgiveness.
*(TN: Sukgo-dae-joe - traditional punishment/apology)*

"Sorry! I committed a mortal sin! Distracted by Byeol-i I dared to neglect Big brother..."

Si-woo took out secret weapon from pocket.
Premium Pollack Churu.
Two of them too.

"Please forgive! Won't happen again!"

Myoreusin's ears perked.
Guy checked Churu with side eye without putting down the bundle.
Pollack flavor. Guy's favorite flavor.

"......"

Silence flowed.
Myoreusin waved tail as if contemplating.
Pride, or Churu.
That is the question.

"Nya."
[Open it.]

Eventually appetite won.
Si-woo opened Churu with light speed.
Myoreusin spit out bundle he was biting *tuk*, and started licking Churu.
*Slurp slurp slurp.*
Eats deliciously too.

"Haha... Relief. Really thought he was leaving."

I swept my chest.
Si-woo couldn't release kneeling posture until Myoreusin finished eating.

A while later.
Myoreusin who finished snack yawned sleepily after filling belly.
And as if nothing happened, climbed onto sofa again and took spot next to my belly.
Loafing posture looked very comfortable.

*Ding-*

[Today's Fortune: Leave home and suffer.]
[Advice: Break meal time one more time and I really pack bags. Then 10 boxes of can won't work.]

"Will keep in mind. Big brother."

Si-woo bowed head 90 degrees.
Myoreusin snorted as if ridiculous and closed eyes.
Gureum-i also relieved and stuck next to Myoreusin lying down.

Byeol-i in my belly, Myoreusin and Gureum-i next to me.
And husband sighing relief on the floor.
Although there was small commotion, still bustling and warm our home.

'Byeol-ah, you have to read Myoreusin's mood when born.'

I smiled inside and stroked two cats and child.

- End of Side Story 05 -
