"Okay, is everyone here? Please enter!"

Weekend afternoon, our front entrance was bustling.
Today is the long-awaited 'Gender Reveal Party' day.
The day to reveal the gender of Byeol-i in my belly.

"Oh my, Haru-ya! Your belly has grown a lot?"
"Haru-ssi, is your condition good?"

My mom, mother-in-law, and even Si-woo's hospital staff.
The living room turned into a party hall in no time.
On the table, along with delicious food, a 'Son vs Daughter' voting board was placed.

"I vote for daughter! A pretty daughter resembling mom!"
"Ey, wouldn't it be a son? A dependable son resembling Director Si-woo!"

People pasted stickers and blossomed into laughter.
Si-woo and I already heard the gender at the hospital, but kept it secret from family.
For this surprise event.

"Now, please pay attention!"

Si-woo grabbed the mic (actually a rice paddle) and shouted.
In the middle of the living room, a large black balloon was floating.
If pink paper comes out when popping that balloon, it's a daughter, if blue paper comes out, it's a son.

"Inviting today's protagonist, Myoreusin!"

"Wooooow!"

Myoreusin appeared with applause.
The guy was wearing a ribbon saying 'Judge' on his neck.
The protagonist of the glory to pop the balloon today was none other than Myoreusin.

"Myoreusin, are you ready?"

"Nya."
[Do it quickly and end it.]

Myoreusin yawned with an annoyed expression.
Actually, Myoreusin seemed to be secretly expecting a 'female butler' since a few days ago.
Because he stared intently whenever girl idols appeared on TV, and cried to change the channel when male singers appeared.

"Okay, then countdown starts! 5, 4, 3..."

People counted numbers in one voice.
Si-woo held Myoreusin up and brought him close to the balloon.
Myoreusin's sharp claws aimed towards the balloon.

"2, 1! Please pop it!"

*Pop-!!!*

The balloon burst with a cheerful sound.
And from inside, confetti poured down like snow.

*Flutter flutter.*

People's gaze fixed in the air.
The color is...

"Uh? It's blue!!"
"It's a son! Son!"

It was vivid 'Blue'.
Byeol-i was a prince.

"Waaa! Congratulations! It's a dependable son!"
"must be very handsome resembling Si-woo!"

The living room filled with cheers.
Si-woo and I also hugged each other and shared the joy.
What does it matter if it's a son or daughter. As long as born healthy.

By the way.
There was exactly one creature who wasn't smiling.

"......"

It was Myoreusin.
Myoreusin, who landed, was staring blankly at the blue colored paper fallen on the floor.
It was an expression like a king who lost his country.

"Uh? Why is Myoreusin like that? Why is the expression so serious?"

My mom asked laughing.
Myoreusin poked the blue paper piece with his front paw *tuk*, then shook his head as if in disbelief.

"Nyaa..."
[This is a dream-nyang...]

It was a weak cry.
The usual loud voice was nowhere to be found.

"Haha, Myoreusin must have secretly hoped for a princess. He likes me more than Si-woo-ssi. So did he want a female sibling?"

I said like a joke.
But Myoreusin's reaction wasn't a joke.
The guy glared at Si-woo with resentful eyes.

"Nya! Nyaang! Nyaaa!"
[Hey! Another one like you is coming out? Two noisy men! My peaceful old age is over!]

Myoreusin rolled on the floor and struggled in anger.
It was the moment Myoreusin's grand plan(?) to spend old age receiving service of a delicate and quiet female butler collapsed.

"Oh my, Myoreusin. A son is cute too. Byeol-i will grow up later and shake Myoreusin's fishing rod too."

Si-woo offered Churu consoling him.
But Myoreusin rejected even Churu (this is a really shocking event) and went into the sofa corner.
Deep solitude was felt from the back view curling up turning away.

"Oh my, he must be really sulking."
"First time seeing a cat express emotion so clearly."

People took photos saying even that appearance was cute.
Throughout the party, Myoreusin didn't come out from the corner.
Whenever we called "Prince Byeol-i~", he only flattened his ears back making 'Mazinger Ears'.

Party ended and night came.
Guests all left and the house became quiet.

"Myoreusin, won't you come out now? Have to eat."

Si-woo shook the food bowl.
Only then, seemingly hungry, Myoreusin crawled out sluggishly.
But the expression was still grumpy.

Just then, my phone rang.

*Ding-*

[Today's Fortune: Dud.]
[Interpretation: It's gone. My romance.]
[Advice: Hope I'm alive until the son guy goes to army. Education will be Sparta style.]

"Pfft... Sparta education."

I burst into laughter.
Staying alive until army enlistment, where is a blessing more reliable than this.
Eventually the guy accepted Byeol-i too. In Myoreusin's own way.

"Thanks, Myoreusin. Please take care of our Byeol-i. Instructor Sparta."

When I scratched under the guy's chin, Myoreusin acted like he couldn't win and rubbed his head on my hand singing a purr song.
A blue colored paper piece stuck to the guy's tail fluttered.

Byeol-i and Myoreusin.
It was a night where the chemistry of two men was already anticipated.

- End of Side Story 06 -
