"Myoreusin, how is it riding an airplane for the first time? Fascinating right?"

"...Nya."
[Ears popped. Give Churu.]

We were currently flying over Jeju Island.
7th month of pregnancy, it was a 'babymoon' trip taking off after entering stable period.
Specially Myoreusin was together too.

Originally intended to leave him at in-laws, but since the last 'runaway commotion', Si-woo showed separation anxiety symptoms(?) so eventually ended up bringing him.
Myoreusin headed to Jeju receiving VIP treatment in 'Pet Companion Seat' as expensive as human ticket.

"Arrived! Welcome to Jeju!"

Exiting the airport cool sea smell pricked the nose.
Myoreusin's nose twitched. *Seal-look.*
Clearly detected energy of fresh fish instinctively.

"Okay, before going to accommodation let's drive the coastal road first."

We rented a car and drove the coastal road.
Opening the window slightly, emerald sea unfolded.
Really picture-like scenery.

"Wow... Good. Really healing."

"Right? Byeol-i must like it too. Haru-ssi's expression is very bright."

Si-woo held my hand and smiled.
Myoreusin sitting in back seat car seat (Myoreusin exclusive) was also staring out the window intently.
Eyes monitoring if fish are jumping up.

But a problem occurred.
Did we enter too secluded place.
Moment we entered a narrow mountain path searching for 'Hidden Spot' navigation guided.

*Pududuk- Clunk.*

Car running well suddenly clunked and stopped.

"Uh? Why is it like this?"

Si-woo tried to start engine again, but engine only made powerless 'Kirik' sound.
To make matters worse, day started to get dark.

"Must be breakdown. I'll call rental car company."

Si-woo took out phone, but antenna on top of screen showed 'No Service'.
Seemed signal doesn't catch because it's deep in mountain.
My phone was same.

"Oh no... This is a predicament."

Surroundings became pitch black in an instant.
Mountain path without a single streetlight.
No passing cars either.
Suddenly genre changed from Romantic Comedy to Thriller movie.

"Scared, Si-woo-ssi..."

"It's okay. Lock the doors and wait, a car will pass. I'll go out and see if signal catches."

"No, don't go out! What if a wild boar comes out!"

We were trapped inside the car.
Heater turned off too, cold air seeped in.
Anxiety assaulted.

"Nyaa-"
[Meal time passed.]

In that situation Myoreusin cried asking for food peacefully.
Anyway, gutsy guy.

"Myoreusin, it's emergency situation now. We are stranded here."

When I scolded, Myoreusin jumped over to front seat lightly.
And started strolling on the dashboard.
It seemed something twinkled in the guy's eyes.

It was the red triangle shaped 'Emergency Light' (Hazard) button.

*Tuk.*

Myoreusin pressed the button with front paw.
*Blink, blink.*
Emergency light started shining loudly in darkness.

"Uh? Myoreusin, well done! That's it!"

Si-woo shouted.
But Myoreusin seemed to like that rhythmic light more than praise.
The guy waved tail to the emergency light, then started touching other buttons next to it too.

*Honk-!! Honk honk-!!*

"Ack!"

It was the car horn.
Myoreusin sat on the steering wheel with his butt.
Horn sound echoed loudly in the quiet mountain.
Blinking emergency light and loud horn sound.
Shape shouting 'Save me' with whole body whoever sees it.

It was then.
Headlight light was seen from far away.
It was a police car on patrol!

"What is happening there?!"

Two policemen got off the car.
We opened car door as if meeting savior.

"Saved!!"

Policemen laughed in vain seeing our discharged car.
And discovered the cat sitting on driver seat steering wheel honking the horn.

"Haha, a cat requested rescue? Came because saw light and sound from far away."

"Yes... Our Myoreusin saved people."

We hugged Myoreusin and sighed relief.
The guy licked his paw with expression saying "What, why are you all like this?".

1 hour later.
We came out to city safely riding tow truck.
And headed to sashimi restaurant to calm surprised chest.

"Today Myoreusin is treating! No, we are eating thanks to Myoreusin!"

Si-woo ordered top class Saw-edged Perch sashimi.
Of course packed Myoreusin's share (lean meat without seasoning) separately.

"Eat a lot, Hero-nim."

Myoreusin's eyes shot open seeing sashimi on plate.
Finally got to taste Jeju Island's fresh fish.
The guy started storming inhalation.

*Ding-*

[Today's Fortune: Jackpot Windfall.]
[Interpretation: Meat comes out after pressing button a few times.]
[Advice: Life is timing. Butler, order one more plate.]

"Puhaha! Okay, eat until bell bursts today!"

We filled Myoreusin's empty plate laughing.
Jeju Island's blue night, and Myoreusin's delicious mukbang.
Although we were stranded, one more unforgettable memory was created.

- End of Side Story 08 -
