"Okay, Byeol-ah. This is our home."

The digital lock beeped open, and familiar air rushed in.
The day of discharge from the postpartum care center.
In my arms was the smallest and warmest lifeform in the world, 'Byeol-i' (Star).

The house I returned to after 3 weeks felt strangely unfamiliar.
Fluffy mats were laid on the floor, and a giant baby crib, mobile, and sterilizer occupied one corner of the living room like an occupying army.
Thinking of Si-woo groaning alone setting all this up made me smirk.

"Honey, where is Myoreusin?"

"Ah, I escorted him to the master bedroom. Just in case he gets startled seeing Byeol-i and runs out."

Si-woo looked at the room door with a very tense expression.
Actually, today is the real D-Day.
'Introduction of Baby and Cat', known for top-tier childcare difficulty.
Will our house's master Myoreusin accept this stranger intruder?

"I'll go in first and check the atmosphere."

Si-woo opened the master bedroom door solemnly.

* * *

The air inside the room was heavy.
In the middle of the bed, Myoreusin was loafing.
His tail was hitting the floor *tak, tak*, and ears were slightly folded back.
'Mazinger Ears'. A signal that he is displeased.

"Myoreusin... We're here."

I greeted carefully, but the guy didn't even give a glance.
It was clearly a protest against the butlers who emptied the house for 3 weeks.

"Nya."
[Came? Traitors.]

Short and bold one word.
I swallowed dry saliva and slowly approached the bed.
Byeol-i in my arms wiggled.

"Say hi. It's your brother. You saw him a lot on video call when I was in the care center, right?"

I lifted the white swaddle slightly.
Milky face, closed eyes, tiny nose and mouth.
Myoreusin's gaze moved slowly, very slowly towards the baby.

*Sniff sniff.*

The guy twitched his nose.
Unfamiliar milk smell, hospital disinfectant smell, and instinctually felt smell of 'weak lifeform'.
Myoreusin stretched his neck long and started sniffing.

Tense moment.
Si-woo was on standby holding a cushion like a shield just in case. (Where did he learn such things.)

*Sniff- Sniff-*

Myoreusin's cold nose touched Byeol-i's cheek lightly.

"Uung..."

Was it because of that coldness?
Byeol-i who was asleep frowned and opened his eyes.
And waved his tiny hand into the air.

*Grab.*

"Ah...!"

The place Byeol-i's hand grabbed was of all places Myoreusin's whiskers.
Cat's pride, and the most sensitive sensory organ, the whiskers!

"Myo, Myoreusin! No!"

Si-woo freaked out and tried to rush in.
Cats reflexively scratch or bite when whiskers are grabbed. This is instinct.
Even a genius cat would find it hard to defy instinct.
I squeezed my eyes shut.

By the way.

"......"

Nothing happened.
Opening eyes carefully, a bizarre scene unfolded.

Myoreusin had turned to ice.
With right whiskers pulled long by Byeol-i's hand, only his pupils were shaking like an earthquake.

"Nyaa..."
[Hey... let go of this...]

The guy made a very small, groaning sound.
He lifted a front paw slightly, but couldn't dare to strike down and trembled in the air *purr*.
Does he know the butler guys won't leave him alone if he scratches that tiny hand?
Or does he instinctively know he shouldn't attack this soft and weak lifeform?

"Ukya!"

Byeol-i smiled brightly pulling the whiskers harder not knowing anything.
Myoreusin's face crumpled like a steamed bun.

"Pfft..."

Shouldn't laugh but laughter burst out.
The great Myoreusin, suppressed by a newbie not even a month old.

"Byeol-ah, then Myoreusin hurts. Let go quickly."

When I hurriedly released Byeol-i's hand, Myoreusin retreated "Hudadak" (quickly).
And groomed his whiskers as if resentful and glared at us.

"Nyaang! Nyaaa!"
[You brought a toxic guy! Do you plan to pluck my whiskers!]

Even while eating Churu, Myoreusin's gaze was fixed on Byeol-i continuously.
It was a strange gaze mixed with curiosity and absurdity.

* * *

Night came and real childcare war began.

"Waaaaah-!! Waaaaah-!!"

2 AM. Byeol-i's alarm rang.
Hunger, diaper, sleep crabbiness. The reason changed every 3 minutes.

"Ugh... Sleepy..."

Breastfed with half closed eyes.
Si-woo was dozing off next to me preparing to burp him.
Both had dark circles down to the chin.

Then, Myoreusin scratched the master bedroom door *buk buk*.
When we opened the door, the guy walked in boldly, and climbed onto Byeol-i's crib who was crying loudly.

"Uh? Myoreusin, shouldn't step on Byeol-i."

Without time to stop, Myoreusin took a spot at the head of Byeol-i's bed.
And sighed deeply looking at crying Byeol-i.

"Haaa..."
[Noisy can't live, really.]

Myoreusin shook his tail gently and brought it in front of Byeol-i's nose.
As soft fur ball tickled, Byeol-i who was crying stopped.

"Uh...?"

Byeol-i floundered trying to gaze the tail with teary eyes.
Myoreusin shook the tail as if fishing, just out of reach.
1 minute, 2 minutes...
Byeol-i's eyelids became heavier gradually.

*Slid.*

It was a miracle.
The child who was screaming for an hour fell asleep in 3 minutes.
Our couple opened mouths wide.
Is this the Childcare Master?

*Ding-*

My phone rang.

[Today's Fortune: Employed as Nanny.]
[Advice: I put him to sleep. Lawyer fee is 1 tuna can.]
[Warning: Make noise one more time and I run away.]

"Wow... Daebak..."

Si-woo hugged Myoreusin in admiration.

"Big brother! No, Teacher! I respect you! Please take care of us in future too!"

"Nyaong."
[Don't bother me and just give food.]

Myoreusin pushed Si-woo away as if annoyed, but didn't come down.
The guy loafed again at the head of sleeping Byeol-i and took spot.
Like a guard standing sentry.

Under the moonlight coming through window, silhouette of baby and cat overlapped like a picture.

"Thank you, Myoreusin."

I whispered small and covered the blanket.
Our Act 2 began like this.
Noisy and chaotic, but a night twice as warm.

- End of Side Story 11 -
