"Uh? Uh uh! That that! Dangerous!"

I screamed frantically startled.
8 months old.
Our house's highest authority Mr. Kim Byeol finally mastered crawling, and was attempting to pull up and stand.

Problem is this guy's curiosity resembles Si-woo so very vigorous, and action power resembles me so very reckless.

*Thump!!*

"Waaaaang!!!"

Moment I looked away briefly, Byeol-i bumped his forehead on living room table corner *Kong*.

"Oh my, Byeol-ah! You okay? Aigoo, turned red."

Si-woo ran over in a flash and picked up Byeol-i.
Fortunately bumped lightly so no bump, but forehead was reddish.

"Haa... Really can't take eyes off for a second. Must attach corner guards on whole house or something."

"I know right. This isn't some thriller movie."

We sighed deeply.
As Byeol-i's activity radius widened, every place in house became a minefield.
Table corners, outlets, high piled books...
Everything was a weapon to the baby.

By the way, there was a being peaceful as if mocking our worry.

"Nyam. Chop chop."

It was Myoreusin.
The guy was grooming leisurely on top of cat tower.
Attitude saying he has no interest whether Byeol-i cries or bumps head.

"Myoreusin, must be nice for you. No event to bump on corner."

When I gave a scolding, Myoreusin just yawned *Jjeok* as if annoyed.
But I didn't know.
The guy's meticulous 'Guard Operation' hidden behind that indifference.

* * *

A few days later, weekend afternoon.
I was doing dishes in kitchen, and Si-woo was folding laundry.
Byeol-i was playing with toys on living room mat.

"Kya-rur-ru!"

Byeol-i who got bored of toys started crawling.
Target was 3-tier drawer in living room corner.
Place I watched carefully usually because it had sharp handles.

*Tadak, tadak.*

Byeol-i's butt wiggled and rushed towards the drawer.
I had my back turned doing dishes, and Si-woo couldn't see folding towels.

*Thump. Thump. Thump.*

Byeol-i reached front of drawer.
And tried to stand up suddenly grabbing the handle.
Moment he lost balance and fell forward, sharp drawer corner approached in front of Byeol-i's eyes.

"Uh?!"

It was before I who discovered late even screamed.

*Whish-! Puk!*

A yellowish fur ball flew in like a bullet from somewhere.
It was Myoreusin.
The guy threw his body between Byeol-i and the drawer.

*Thump!*

Place Byeol-i's head bumped wasn't hard wood drawer.
It was fluffy and warm Myoreusin's belly fat.

"U... Ung?"

Byeol-i blinked eyes as if not hurting.
On the other hand, Myoreusin who took the shock with whole body made a groaning sound "Kueung...".

"Nyaaa..."
[Aigoo my back... my old back...]

"Myoreusin!!"

Si-woo and I ran over.
Myoreusin checked Byeol-i wasn't hurt, then stood up as if nothing happened and shook off fur.
And gave one 'Hiss' to Byeol-i (warning not to come), and climbed onto cat tower coolly.

"Wow... Did you see? Just now Myoreusin blocking?"

"Yes. Really... flew in 0.1 seconds? Thought it was a goalkeeper."

We were moved and couldn't close mouths.
Turned out that wasn't the end.

Watching carefully since that day, Myoreusin was always staying within 1 meter radius of Byeol-i.
If Byeol-i crawled towards flower pot he blocked front of pot with butt stealthily,
and if trying to put finger in outlet he hit back of hand with front paw 'Slap' preventing it. (This is educational dimension.)

Even if Byeol-i staggered walking and seemed to fall, he approached from behind and became a fluffy 'Cushion'.

"What, acted like no interest."

One night, I came out to drink water and witnessed that scene.
Between sleeping Byeol-i's bed railings, Myoreusin's tail was drooping down.
The guy was lying under the bed standing guard all night.

"Working hard, our Bodyguard."

When I approached and stroked head, Myoreusin opened eyes half-closed.

*Ding-*

[Today's Fortune: Shadow Warrior.]
[Advice: If that kid breaks head hospital fee goes out. Guarding to save my tuna money.]
[Inner thought: So train walking quickly. I'm tired.]

"Pfft... Okay. Will do Sparta special training from tomorrow."

I kissed Myoreusin's nape, and opened a top class tuna can.
The guy ate hurriedly, but ears were pricking towards Byeol-i continuously.

Always one step behind.
Silently, but faster than anyone.

To our child, there was a most dependable and soft guardian deity in the world.
Reason why it was okay even if Byeol-i fell.

- End of Side Story 13 -
