Autumn afternoon with killer weather.
We went on a family walk after a long time.

"Here, Myoreusin. Riding stroller today. Must stay still okay?"

I put Myoreusin in 'Dog Stroller' (Pet Stroller).
Si-woo was walking holding Byeol-i on hip seat.
Baby and cat and couple. Appearance of peaceful family whoever looks.

Park was crowded with people.
Many dogs out for walk too, Myoreusin snorted seeing them.

"Nya."
[Pathetic. Dragged around tied on leash.]

The guy looked down arrogantly at large dogs passing beyond stroller insect screen.
Even if a Retriever ten times his body size passed didn't blink an eye.
Rather sent a mocking gaze saying "Only body is big, look stupid".
Body is not even 1/10 but 'Force' (Aura) was already Lion of Savannah.
Passersby whispered "Oh my, look at that cat. Expression is alive".

"Haru-ssi, shall we sit on that bench? Time to feed Byeol-i snack."

We took spot on bench under secluded tree shade.
Si-woo gave Byeol-i a rice cracker, and I squeezed Churu for Myoreusin.
Gently blowing wind. Warm sunshine.
Thought everything was perfect.

Until that thing happened.

"Bark! Bark bark!!"

Suddenly sharp barking sound broke peace.
Turning head, from far away a brown Poodle with leash unleashed was running furiously.
Person looking like owner acted "Choco! No!" from behind but useless.

Problem was that dog's course direction.
The guy was sprinting towards us, exactly towards Byeol-i who came down from hip seat and was toddling.

"Uh?! Byeol-ah!"

Too instantaneous.
Si-woo and I tried to get up from bench, but distance was too far.
Excited dog already approached right in front of Byeol-i.
Byeol-i froze with eyes only round in surprise.

"Grrr... Bark!!"

That moment dog showed teeth and rushed to bite Byeol-i's leg.

*Swa-ak-!*

Black shadow pierced through stroller and sprang out.
With sound of insect screen tearing, Myoreusin flew into the air.

"Kyaaaaak-!!!"

Goosebump inducing scream rang the park.
Myoreusin blocked front of Byeol-i and bristled fur on back.
Tail puffed up like raccoon, and fangs flashed.
Usual lazy 'Fat Cat' appearance was nowhere.
That was 'Beast' itself.

"Yelp?!"

Poodle rushing in freaked out and stepped on sudden brake.
Myoreusin didn't retreat.
Rather approached one step more and growled low.

"Woo-oong... Hiss!!"
[Where dare you. My brother. Touch him and die.]

Overwhelmed by that overwhelming spirit (Conqueror's Haki?), Poodle tucked tail and flattened on floor.
And hugged by owner who ran late, disappeared as if running away whining "Whimper".

"Byeol-ah!!"

Si-woo ran and hugged Byeol-i.
Byeol-i burst into crying in surprise.

"Waaaang!!"

"It's okay, it's okay. Dad is here."

We swept down surprised chest.
Really life shortened by ten years.

Then Myoreusin turned back.
Guy's fur was still bristled.
Breathing rough breath as if excitement didn't subside yet.

"Myoreusin... Any injuries?"

When I approached Myoreusin avoided my hand and approached Byeol-i.
And sniffed crying Byeol-i's foot smell *Khung khung*.
Seemed to check if there is injury.

"Nyaang."
[Don't cry. I chased it away.]

The guy rubbed head on Byeol-i's leg giving comfort.
And went back into torn stroller *Sok*.

"......"

We looked at each other.
That beast just now, right that cat sleeping showing belly fat at home?

*Ding-*

My phone rang.

[Today's Fortune: Ruler of the District.]
[Advice: Not Beware of Dog. It's Beware of 'Cat'.]
[Bill: Stroller insect screen fee is settled with my performance.]

"Puhaha... Right, let's settle. Settle indeed."

Si-woo burst into laughter looking at torn screen.
People might think Myoreusin is just a cute 'Cat in Dog Stroller'.
We know.
Inside that stroller, a small tiger ready to raise claws anytime to protect my child lives.

Way coming back home.
Inside stroller Myoreusin was sitting arrogantly as if raising coat collar,
and Byeol-i was smiling brightly again thanks to dependable older brother.

Our family walk ended safely adding one more of Myoreusin's 'Heroic Tales'.

- End of Side Story 15 -
