"Mommy! Mam-ma!"
"Kyaaaak! (Mine!)"

Living room was filled with babies' roaring sounds.
Today is the day of 'Postpartum Care Center Fellow Gathering'.
Three babies of Byeol-i's age gathered in our house.

At first it was peaceful.
Moms gathered at dining table opening field of chatter after long time, and babies played separately on living room mat.
But peace didn't last 10 minutes.

Problem was one 'National Caterpillar Doll'.

"Waaaaang!" (Mine!)

Byeol-i's friend 'Min-jun' picked up the doll first.
Then greedy Byeol-i grabbed doll's tail not wanting to lose.

"Abu! Abu!" (Move! I put saliva on it!)
"Eu-eng!" (No! I grabbed it!)

Two started tug-of-war with doll in between.
'Ji-yu' next to them burst into crying scared of that situation.
Instantaneously living room became Asura (chaos).

"Oh my, guys! Don't fight!"
"No! Must play nicely with friend!"

Moms ran over hurriedly, but already excited babies were stubborn.
Min-jun's mom tried to soothe but Min-jun lay down and struggled,
and Byeol-i was holding out squeezing milking strength not to lose doll.
Ji-yu cried louder scared by that high decibel crying sound.

"Wow... Really mental breakdown..."

I touched my forehead.
Romance of fellow gathering was elegant brunch time, but reality was middle of battlefield.
It was moment contemplating how to break through this difficulty.

*Tak. Tak. Tak.*

'That Person' observing situation from cat tower top came down.
It was Myoreusin.
The guy walked into middle of fight with solemn expression.

"......?"

Babies paused momentarily at Myoreusin's appearance.
Overwhelmed by fur ball charisma.

Myoreusin dug between Byeol-i and Min-jun.
And lifting front paw, hit the problematic caterpillar doll 'Tak'.

*Tuk.*

Doll escaped from two babies' hands and flew to far corner.

"......Uh?"

Babies looked at empty hands flustered.
Myoreusin lifted front paw again.
This time hit Byeol-i's forehead with cotton bat lightly 'Tok'.

"Nya."
[Don't be greedy, Number 1.]

And turning head 'Tok' on Min-jun's forehead too.

"Nyaa."
[You yield too, Number 2.]

Lastly approached crying Ji-yu, and wiped tears with tail. (Of course tail fur went into mouth so Ji-yu stopped crying and spat 'Ptoo ptoo'.)

"Ooh..."

Moms fired exclamations.
Situation terminated instantly.

Myoreusin didn't stop there.
The guy went to toy basket, and started taking out other dolls one by one with front paw and throwing them.

*Tuk.* (You this.)
*Tuk.* (You this too.)
*Tuk.* (You play with this.)

Communist distribution system distributing toys exactly by head count.
Babies received toys Myoreusin threw one by one and became quiet.

"Daebak... Haru-ya, what is your cat? Kindergarten teacher?"
"Wow... Does better parenting than my husband? Is there a person inside?"

Fellow moms started worshipping Myoreusin calling him 'God-Cat'.
Among them there was a mom trying to take photo of Myoreusin taking out phone.

"Excuse me, can I take just one photo? Want to set as my phone wallpaper. Like a parenting talisman."

Then Myoreusin recognized camera ghost-like and took pose.
Turning head 45 degrees, gathering front paws elegantly, eyes profound.
It was perfect 'Posture of King'.
Moms screamed "Kyaak! Too cool!".
One mom knelt in front of Myoreusin and even offered scouting "Please come to our house too".

Myoreusin twitched mustache as if enjoying all that praise, then turned back as if interest dropped.
Even that back view climbing up to highest cat tower and closing eyes again overflowed with dignity.

'Insignificant human kiddos. Rank sorting is done like this.'

Since that day, our house became holy land of fellow gathering.
Moms visited carrying all kinds of bribes (Churu, Catnip, Toys) to see Myoreusin (exactly to leave parenting to Myoreusin and rest).

*Ding-*

[Today's Fortune: Nyang-Class President.]
[Advice: Must open a kindergarten. Tuition received in tuna cans.]
[Warning: Kid drooling is declined. My fur gets wet.]

I smirked and shared message to Si-woo.

"Honey, Myoreusin says he's opening a kindergarten?"

"Haha, agree! Let's name it 'Myoreusin Gifted School'."

We looked happily at babies playing peacefully, and Myoreusin reigning above them.
Although house became mess, thanks to Myoreusin's leadership seems parenting clock out will be early today too.
If Solomon reincarnates wouldn't he be a cat?
At least in our house it was so.

- End of Side Story 16 -
