"Now, highlight of today! Doljabi (First Birthday Grabbing) time returned!"

Applause poured at MC's loud voice.
Today is our Byeol-i's first birthday.
Hotel banquet hall was filled with family, relatives, and friends.

On colorfully set Doljabi table various items were placed.
Money (Rich), Thread (Longevity), Pencil (Study), Gavel (Honor), Stethoscope (Doctor), Microphone (Celebrity).
Even 'Gold Bar (Model)' and 'Building Registration Certificate (Of course fake)' Si-woo's friends brought as joke were there.

"Now, what will our protagonist Byeol-i grab? Future Judge? Or Idol?"

*Dugu dugu dugu!* (Drum roll)

Hotel banquet hall filled with tension.
Guests stretched necks watching Doljabi table.
Si-woo and I sweating sat Byeol-i in front of table.
Byeol-i wearing colorful Hambok and traditional hat (Cute enough to destroy earth) opened eyes round.

"Byeol-ah, look at this. What do you like? Huh?"

Si-woo pointed at stethoscope secretly and shook it.
(As expected wanting son to be doctor because he is doctor. Doting dad's greed has no end.)
Mom was whispering behind "Grab money! Money is best! Grab 50,000 won!" casting spell.

But Byeol-i's gaze stuck in wrong place.

"Ya... Ong?"

It was cat Myoreusin sitting quietly in one corner of table.
Myoreusin attended as guest wearing 'Bow Tie' specially today.
The guy was yawning with bored expression.

Byeol-i had zero interest in Doljabi items.
Exercised straight instinct only towards Myoreusin.

"Abu! Nya Nya!"

Byeol-i reached hand to grab Myoreusin.

"Uh uh? Byeol-iya, not that! Here is gold ring and money too!"

MC shouted flustered.
Like this it was going to be not Doljabi but 'Cat-jabi'.

It was then.
As Byeol-i approached, Myoreusin raised body as if annoyed.
And started strolling on table.

"Uh? Myoreusin moving! What is Nyang-nim's pick?"

People's gaze concentrated on Myoreusin.
The guy stopped in front of stethoscope.
And...

*Tuk.*

Pushed stethoscope towards Byeol-i with front paw *Seuk*.

"Uh...?"

Before people's exclamation burst, Myoreusin didn't stop.
This time went in front of thick 'Gold Bar (Model)' next to it.
(Thing Si-woo's friends brought as joke.)

*Tuk.*

Myoreusin pushed gold bar towards Byeol-i too.
Actually must be quite heavy weight, but Myoreusin handled lightly as if hiding 'Muscle' in front paw.
Very accurate and firm delivery.

"Here, take it human. This is your future."

Myoreusin winked looking at Byeol-i.
Like a star instructor teaching "Money is best".

Byeol-i showed curiosity at shiny objects delivered in front of eyes.
And...

*Grab!*

Grabbed stethoscope in left hand, gold bar in right hand simultaneously.

"Waaaaaaa!!!"

Cheering burst.

"My goodness! Become doctor and sit on money cushion!"
"Double Jackpot! This house has happy event!"
"Destiny Cat Spirit pointed out! Daebak!"

Atmosphere reached peak.
MC couldn't hide excitement saying "First time seeing such Doljabi! Cat Spirit descended!".
Si-woo moved tried to hug Myoreusin saying "Myoreusin! Thank you!" and got hissed at and nose scratched. (It was wound of glory.)

Only after returning home later we knew the truth.

*Ding-*

[Today's Fortune: Big Picture.]
[Interpretation: Secured my attending physician 20 years later.]
[Advice: Earn lots of money and spend on me. Free treatment is basic.]

"......Wow."

Si-woo and I laughed in vain looking at phone.

"This guy... had a plan."
"I know right. Decided Byeol-i's career path to receive his old age guarantee."

Myoreusin was lying on bed using Byeol-i's Hanbok jacket as pillow.
Seeing that comfortable face didn't have energy to refute.
Right, good if Byeol-i becomes excellent vet and earns lots of money.
Thanks to Myoreusin our son's future seems solid.

Way back from party guests whispered "Did you see that cat? Really spiritual creature".
Probably Myoreusin's legend-like story will be discussed as drinking snack all night tonight.

"Thank you, Myoreusin. Please stay by side healthy 20 years later too."

I stroked sleeping guy's head.
Myoreusin's whiskers trembled feeling good.

Byeol-i's first birthday.
Biggest gift was not gold ring, nor silk thread...
This clever and lovely cat guarding our family's side, Myoreusin exactly.

- End of Side Story 18 -
