"Delivery."

Ordinary weekday afternoon.
A strange box was delivered in front of entrance.
No sender, only 'To Si-woo & Haru' written on recipient.

"What is it? Didn't order anything."

Si-woo tilted head and opened box.
Inside was a thick envelope, and a small glass bottle packaged luxuriously.
Tearing envelope, familiar research institute mark was seen.
Exactly mark of 'Project M' research institute that created Myoreusin 2 years ago.

"Uh... this..."

We looked at each other and got nervous.
Bad news again? Threat to take Myoreusin?
Si-woo read down letter with trembling hands.

[Hello, Director Si-woo. And Haru-nim.
I am K, former head researcher of Project M research team.

Must be surprised by sudden letter.
After institute closed and team disbanded, we returned to each place.
But we all had a heavy burden in one corner of heart.
Exactly guilt about Myoreusin, 'Subject 01'.

Life created by human greed.
Possessing much higher intelligence than normal cats, but side effect that life span might be short as price...
That was always our sore finger. (Something that pains the heart.)]

Si-woo's voice reading letter trembled little by little.
I grabbed Si-woo's clothes tight unconsciously.
Life span.
That was Myoreusin's only Achilles heel we were trying hard to ignore.

[But want to deliver happy news.
We continued research secretly even after team disbanded.
To complement Myoreusin's genetic defect, and develop substance to increase life span drastically.
And finally, succeeded.

Enclosed medicine is customized supplement for Myoreusin.
Feeding this will slow Myoreusin's cell aging, and enable him to live healthy much longer than normal cats... no, longer than that.

This is last gift we give to Myoreusin, and meaning of apology.
Please hope that child becomes happy for long long time in family's bosom.

- From Project M Research Team -]

Si-woo reading letter fully was silent for a while.

"......Relief. Really relief..."

He sighed relief and hugged me.
Si-woo's eyes were dyed red.
I also teared up.

"Myoreusin! Come here!"

We woke up Myoreusin sleeping on cat tower.
In front of drowsy guy, Si-woo opened glass bottle lid.
Transparent liquid smelling sweet.
Just in case bitter I tasted slightly with tongue tip first. Fortunately like sweet syrup with savory tuna scent.

"Here, Myoreusin. Eat this. If you eat this can live with us for thousand ten thousand years. Not sick too."

"Nya?"
[Tasty thing? Surely not medicine?]

Myoreusin sniffed glass bottle smell with suspicious eyes.
But soon succumbed to savory smell wafting.
The guy stuck out tongue and started licking *Haljjak Haljjak*.

*Chop chop chop...*

Si-woo watching guy eating medicine holding breath sobbed.

"Eat a lot, Myoreusin. Eat all. If insufficient I will go find institute and ask to make more."

Myoreusin licked even mouth corners cleanly as if fitting taste.
And hit empty bottle with front paw *Tuk tuk* as if regretful.

"Delicious? Give more?"

"Nyaang."
[Not bad. Perfect for dessert. Give more.]

Laughter burst seeing that innocent appearance.
Simultaneously felt like giant rock pressing inside heart disappeared.
Now don't have to worry about parting.
Without anxiety that might be limited time, can give love wholly.
Until Byeol-i goes to elementary school, middle school, and becomes adult.
Myoreusin will grow old giving unique nagging by our side.

*Ding-*

My phone rang.

[Today's Fortune: Eternal Youth and Immortality.]
[Interpretation: Must serve for 20 more years, butlers.]
[Advice: To earn my food money will have to work bone breakingly.]

"Haha! Okay. Even if my back breaks will refill tuna infinitely."

Si-woo lifted Myoreusin up high and poured kisses on cheek.
Myoreusin struggled in disgust, but didn't unsheathe claws.

Byeol-i crawled and grabbed Si-woo's leg and stood up.

"Yaong! Yaong!"

"Right, Byeol-ah. Myoreusin hyung (older brother). Now can play with hyung for very lo~ng time."

We three (No, four including Myoreusin) hugged each other.
Sunshine pouring through living room window was exceptionally warm.

What Project M left wasn't specific.
They gifted us 'Eternal Family'.
With this all puzzles matched.
Our happiness is now, complete form.

- End of Side Story 19 -
